RWA Centrifuge treasury Part I - Review (#317)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals: src/20230925_AaveV2_Eth_AaveTreasuryRWAAllocationPartI/AaveTreasuryRWAAllocationPartI.md

Beyond just economics, this proposal would allow the Aave DAO to establish and begin developing the internal RWA expertise necessary to engage with these markets. Centrifuge Prime is purpose-built for DeFi native organizations, offering the critical services and infrastructure necessary to onboard a diverse portfolio of RWA through a single interface.

Centrifuge has a long track record of working with DAOs to bring RWA on as collateral, and pioneered the first Aave deployment into RWA with the joint development of the RWA Market. Onboarding Aave to Centrifuge Prime for liquid investment strategies is an optimal approach for scaling RWA with the Aave community. It will develop the legal and technical infrastructure necessary to interface with RWAs safely and efficiently, while allowing the Aave community to get comfortable and familiar with the processes and thinking around RWA. This will put Aave in a significantly improved position to be able to leverage RWA collateral for GHO in the long term, either to improve liquidity or develop additional revenue streams.

## Specification

> This proposal withdraw 50k aUSDC from the Aave COLLECTOR contract and convert them to USDC before transferring them to the Centrifuge Treasury.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal withdraws 50k aUSDC from the Aave COLLECTOR contract and converts them to USDC before transferring them to the Centrifuge Treasury.
```
